
Email Facilities

Access to email and Internet facilities will be available throughout the duration of the Spring Meeting.
Further information will be available on-site.

Abstract Submission

Submission of Abstracts will be electronic.  For instructions, please visit the website:
http//www.isis.rl.ac.uk/BCA2003

If you have any queries regarding Abstract Submission, please email:
BCA2003@isisa.rl.ac.uk

Please note that the deadline for receipt of Abstracts is Friday 28 February 2003.

BCA Bursaries for BCA Spring Meeting

A limited number of bursaries are available from the Arnold Beevers Bursary Fund to cover the
£158.75 cost of two nights accommodation, meals (including the Conference Dinner) and registration.
The bursary will not cover travel expenses and recipients will be expected to present a poster.

Council is seeking commercial sponsors of Spring Meeting Bursaries and it is hoped again to offer
some Named Bursaries at this meeting.

The closing date for all applications is Monday 10 February 2003, applicants should ask for an
Arnold Beevers bursary application form from the BCA Administrative Office (details below).

Rietveld Refinement Workshop

A satellite workshop will take place at the University of York on 14 and 15 April 2003, prior to the
BCA Spring Meeting.  The title of this workshop is: “Introduction to the Principles and Practice of
Rietveld Refinement”.

Please register for this workshop by contacting the workshop organiser, Chick Wilson.  For
further information, please contact Professor Wilson at C.C.Wilson@rl.ac.uk

The University of York

The University of York was founded in 1963 with 200 students in two city-centre locations and
Heslington Hall.  Now in its 39th year, it has expanded to over 9000 students and has over 30 academic
departments and research centres.

York boasts several major attractions including the stunning Cathedral, an award-winning Railway
Museum and the famous Jorvik Viking City. For further information on the University of York and the
town itself, please visit their website:  http//www.york.ac.uk


For up to date information on the BCA Spring Meeting, please visit the BCA website:

http//bca.cryst.bbk.ac.uk/BCA/


Further information can also be obtained from the BCA Administrative Office:

Northern Networking
1 Tennant Avenue
College Milton South
East Kilbride, Glasgow
G74 5NA

Tel:  ++44 (0) 1355 244966
Fax:  ++44 (0) 1355 249959

Email:  bca@glasconf.demon.co.uk




Detailed Programme:


“Discussion on Rietveld Method”

The Rietveld discussion session will follow the format successfully trialed in York whereby those who
have attended the pre-meeting Rietveld workshop, and any others interested, will be given a chance to
“ask the experts” any burning questions they have on the practice of Rietveld refinement.  A
“distinguished” panel of some of the UK’s leading practitioners of Rietveld methods will be assembled
and questions from participants encouraged to provoke an informal discussion of topics ranging from
data collection and indexing through to refinement and publication.

Wednesday 16 April		13:30 - 15:00

Parallel Session :
Chair: Jeremy Cockcroft (Birkbeck) / Chick Wilson (RAL)





“Synchrotron Radiation”

The role of synchrotron radiation to the structural chemistry community has developed greatly over the
last decade, and now synchrotron-based experiments are vital to many areas of research from biology,
through physics and chemistry to materials science.  In this session several snapshots of current 'cutting-
edge' science that is carried out using synchrotrons will be highlighted, and future possibilities for the
development of 'new' exciting science discussed.

Thursday 17 April		10:30 - 12:00

Parallel Session :
Organiser : Paul Raithby

Paul Raithby (Bath)
Exciting Synchrotron Experiments on Luminescent Materials


“Oral posters for all groups”

Tuesday 15 April 		15:30 – 16:00 and continued at 16.:02 – 17:00

	Plenary and Parallel Session :
		Organisers : Chris Frampton, Pamela Thomas, Paul Raithby and Richard Pauptit

Oral Posters: IG, PCG, CCG and BSG

Presenters of posters from all Groups have the opportunity to publicise their poster in this session.
Each presenting author is expected to speak for 2 minutes in order to sum up the important points of
their poster and encourage people to view it during the formal poster session in the evening.  Always a
fun and enjoyable session, but with a serious point.


“Poster Session IG, PCG, CCG and BSG”

Tuesday 15 April 	19:00 – 22:00

The poster session will take place in the main Exhibition Centre and please be present throughout this
time.
